Team 10 presentation 
in collaboration with the Yuvalim Association

Liya Avitan - Saar chalili  - Tomer Shafran - Barak Zafrani - Shira Eliyahu

About Yuvalim:
Yuvalim Community Administration will be an open house for the entire community
and will provide a solution for the changing needs of each group and every detail in it.
Yuvalim has 8 centers in jerusalem 
Malha, Ramat Denya, Ein karem, Tailor house (two centers), Philip  Leon,  Rachel house and Shtern. 
Yuvalim space will be accessible to everyone, people with special needs, children, parents and the elderly population.
The residents of the Yuvalim neighborhood will be an enterprising and significant factor in the design of the educational, community, cultural and urban space.
The administration will work in cooperation with all parties, develop a mutual guarantee and an enterprising company.

Project goal: 
Build a common system for all kind of users of Yuvalim in order to create one synchronized  and organized  system to manage events for Yuvalim’s 8 centers. 
The System will include: 
3 level of permissions -  admin, employees and community. 
Ability to create accounts.
Displaying information such as:
Available rooms per day and hours.
Information about existing events.
Synchronized monthly calendar with ability to watch each day.
Ability to create/cancel for events.
Ability to request for events.
Ability to determine available time windows for each facility.
connections and communications with Yuvalim’s other platforms 

3 USE CASE template: 

1. Login
Brief Description - the login function, the user will login with  password and username.
Actors – Workers, Admin.
Preconditions -  The user has an account.
Basic Flow – login window open, the user will type username and password, the user will click on submit button 
Alternate Flow – being on a new computer and answering a security question.
Exception Flow – providing an incorrect username and password.
Post conditions -  the user is logged in and can use the web services. 

2. Add event
Brief Description -  adding the events in the calendar.  waiting for approve (resident) 
Actors – Residents, Workers, Admin.
Preconditions -  The user is logged in and found an available room.
Basic Flow – The calendar display, the user choose day and hour, choose available building and room . the user will add event details.  Admin and workers need to approve and can add/change/cancel events.
Alternate Flow – don’t have an account/permissions , cannot login.
Exception Flow –  there are not unavailable room/days.
Post conditions – the user can rent a room for this event, watch, edit  the created event

3. Rent a room
Brief Description - the user will leave request for the requested room. only a manager will approve it privately with the user. 
Actors – Residents - madatury, Workers.
Preconditions -  logged in, request for adding event
Basic Flow – click on the pay button, add connections details.  the details will be sent to the building manager.  The payment and sign on papers will be done directly with the manager.
Alternate Flows - none.
Exception Flow – the user didn’t add an event, the room is unavailable
Post conditions – the user can watch the room details, request to  change to similar available room or to upgrade 

Functional requirements
1. Only a manager can approve or decline an event.
2. Only a manager can determine a time window for events in each facility.
3. Only the employees and the manager can watch a private event details such as amount of participants and the nature of the event. 
4. The community will be able to watch public events details and join them.
5. Each user will have 2 options of approaching to the reservation section: 
	- The first option is threw each facility, click on a chosen facility will direct you to the calendar.
	- The second option is to click on a wanted day on the calendar and it will direct you to the list of facilities with open rooms 	                          	   on this date.  
6. The system must send a confirmation once the request for the rent has been approved.
7. Once a request has been sent, the manager must be notified by a  system massage. 


Non-Functional requirements
1. The website will be available 24/7.	
2. The website will support Hebrew.
3. The website should be similar to the official yuvelim website as much as possible.
